stickies right here so it's kind of like
and l36
put one blog right there put down Tom
like that so it's like redstone block
redstone block alright and then you want
to put one one torch right there and
they don't pop up sure what it does is
it turns these on and then turns these
on which push these over here and then
these get turned on because these are
already on so so then you can put this
here and there you go so anyway you can
do with this is you get any building
whichever you want wood dark switch that
out okay hearing it like that too though
then you can go yeah sorry about that
go like that
or you just kill them all
you could do that if you wanted no care
make a lava trap XP I don't care that's
just how you make it
okay so redstone all the way over here
with repeaters on full Peters on least
amount and then stone block block leaver
redstone torch difficult time-consuming
yeah you get my drift
come on what are they doing
they all gather up ciao bye bye that's
funny
they're so stupid oh my god and we'll
just keep coming and jumping towards you
and then soon die oh yeah that's funny